and as those talks in Cairo continue
Benny gun an influential member of the
Israeli War cabinet has been meeting
with top us officials at the White House
this visit is being seen as further
signs of Washington's growing
frustration over the war in Gaza Gans is
a former Defense Minister and political
rival of prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu who agreed to enter an
emergency Unity government following the
October 7th Terror attacks by Hamas
gans's meeting Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin and National Security
adviser Jake Sullivan yesterday he sat
down with vice president kamla Harris
who called for more Aid to be allowed
into Gaza she also called for a
ceasefire let's bring in DW
correspondent Felix tomson who joins us
now from Jerusalem so how is gans's
visit being seen by netanyahu's
Administration in
Israel well you could say that uh the
reactions from within Nan's government
has been have been very very critical of
Benny gun's visit one senior liid member
has used the term Troy on horse to
describe uh Benny gun's trip to the US
and later to uh London as well um
another prominent member of nany's
government uh Finance Minister smotrich
uh said the US is trying to divide the
Israeli government and its Society um so
reactions have been very very critic
iCal and this comes as a time when um
conflicts within netanyahu's government
um are also growing on other issues so
it's definitely one to watch in the
coming weeks to see how netan and his
government will deal uh with uh those
issues and those uh conflicts within its
own uh ranks it's it's no secret that
the current US Administration is
extremely frustrated with Israel we've
just seen that from the rhetoric in the
past weeks and how it has escalated
um how United is the Israeli government
in the face of
that well it really depends if you if
we're talking about the more right-wing
elements of netanyahu's government you
could say that they stand behind
netanyahu's approach they even call for
a more um say conservative rightwing
approach meaning um less talks about a
ceire less talks about reaching a deal
with Hamas um more talks of uh in the
war and reaching this this uh final
victory that they talk about um on the
other end there's Benny gans's party
which is considered by many as the voice
of reasons I would assume that it's also
the case from from within the uh the uh
American
Administration um and uh this is a
result of the uh very open criticism of
the American Administration against the
netan government and it's uh writing
partly far our right elements indeed um
it's going to be interesting to see how
this pans out in the coming weeks in
terms of the relations between the two
countries and governments how high is
the pressure on the Israeli government
right now I mean can we expect major
changes um either within the government
itself or the wartime cabinet for
example I don't think we're expecting we
should expect any major changes just yet
but having said that we are talking
about a government that that's under
pressure due to the war in Gaza due to
other reasons for an instance the
enlistment of the ultra Orthodox
Community to the Israeli Army um and the
uh Rising tensions with the US
government is just something which adds
more and more pressure upon the Israeli
government at the moment um and uh this
means uh we're going to see more and
more voices from within Israel's liberal
politics um
demanding um demanding such actions such
as uh
uh guns's trip to the US and talking
about him leaving the government again
we're only we're also talking about a
time in which uh the uh Israeli liberal
uh part the part Israeli the liberal
parts of the Israeli Society are also
protesting calling for elections so it's
going to be interesting to see how this
pans out DW correspondent Felix Thompson
thank
you meanwhile the United States and
Jordan have air dropped more Aid
packages into the Gaza Strip the US
military says that almost 37,000 meals
were dropped into the territory in a
joint operation on Tuesday but with the
humanitarian crisis nearing catastrophic
levels critics say the amount is only a
fraction of what is needed and the UN is
calling on the International Community
to quote flood Gaza with
Aid panic and Chaos as men in Gaza City
run around in a frenzy to find
food
countries such as Egypt Jordan France
and now the US have been dropping aid
from
above but there are too many people in
need and there's not enough
Aid we have the willingness and ability
to Bear it but is there a father in the
world who can see his children writhing
in hunger in front of him and remain
silent even if the price is risking his
life just like all these people who risk
their lives in order to obtain what is
not even enough for a crumb of flour or
Aid or canned
food yesterday some expired canned goods
arrived containing mold and
fungus we are not animals as they
described
us over the weekend workers from the UN
and the who rushed into to provide
supplies to
hospitals medicines and fuel are running
critically low
and this is costing children their
lives unfortunately yes we have lost two
babies here they had pneumonia but they
died because of the power cut the power
went off at 4:00 a.m. and at 8:00 a.m.
we were out of
oxygen many others have died from Hunger
according to the visiting team from the
W there is no milk or anything the situ
is bad Indescribable we're not able to
get him
anything these deaths come as the
bombing outside
continues and bodies fill up
floors somebody so young they barely had
the chance to
live